{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 IronDazzle\

\f1\b0\fs24 \
Tom Harrington, tph@atomicbird.com\
IronCoder entry for July 2006, a.k.a. "Ironcoder 3 (or is it 2?)"\
\
A useless and annoying "enhancement" that creates visual effects following your mouse pointer.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Any similarity between this application and one produced by... other... software companies is purely coincidental.  No, honestly.  I didn't just do a cheap CG-based rip-off of an existing commercial app from a company whose name starts with "O", and then apply IronCoder's theme to it.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 To use:\

\f1\b0 \
Start IronDazzle and move your mouse around.  IronDazzle will remind you what time it is with an enormous collection of yellow star-shaped clocks.\
\
Stopping: IronDazzle is an LSUIElement.  If you run it from Xcode, use the stop button.  Otherwise press command-option-F5 and the application should quit.  If it gets belligerent and refuses to stop, insisting that it's not ready yet, Activity Monitor's "quit process" button will blow it up real good.\
\

\f0\b Use of API:\

\f1\b0 \
The use of Core Graphics to draw the clocks should be obvious enough.  What may be less obvious is the use of Quartz Event Services (the CGEvent API) to track mouse movement.  Hah!  That's two entirely different parts of CG!  That's got to count for a couple of extra points or something!  Maybe a half-dozen FlyGesture licenses at least?\
\

\f0\b Use of theme:\

\f1\b0 \
Time.  It's a clock.  Obvious, I know, but just try and forget what time it is while IronDazzle is running.\
\
\
}