{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Particle Life 1.0
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\fs36 Written by Stephan Cleaves\
Copyright (c) 2007, Yellow Camp Software
\fs24 \
\
ABOUT:\
\
Particle Life started out as a simulation of the life and death of stars in a galaxy. This turned out to be a bit much to tackle for IronCoder's 48 hour timeframe. I turned off the code that was calculating the interactions between particles and left only the code that calculated the effect of the central point of gravity (a pseudo blackhole). What I discovered on the first run was so attractive I continued to watch. I was mesmerized and relaxed. It seemed to me the perfect screensaver. So with not much time left I took my code and put it into a screensaver project, polished it up a bit, and now you have it to try.\
\
Depending on the size of your screen (and whether you've got more than one of them), Particle Life can really chew on the processor. If you find it is just too many particles for your hardware, change the calculation for initialParticleCount in initWithSize: in YCIC5Simulation.m to produce a smaller number. The more particles the cooler it looks in my opinion. I developed the code in my own standalone application that animates the view in much the way the screensaver does. I was using 10,000 particles. Unfortunately I have my laptop connected to an external display and had to reduce the number by about half since two instances of the screensaver were running. If you have just one screen and some good processing power change the 5 to 10.\
\
================================================\
REQUIREMENTS:\
\
PowerPC/Intel Mac running OS X 10.4\
\
================================================\
INSTALLATION:\
\
Double-click on the Particle Life.saver file. You will be prompted to install for the current user or all users of the system.\
\
CONTACT:\
================================================\
Stephan Cleaves\
stephan@yellow-camp.com\
http://yellow-camp.com/\
\
================================================\
LICENSE:\
\
This software is distributed under the BSD License\
\
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, \
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\
\
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, \
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation \
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\
    * Neither the name, "Twilight Edge Software", nor the names of its \
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \
      software without specific prior written permission.\
\
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR\
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\
}