{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Optima-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10580\viewh12280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Hi!  Welcome to Iron Coder 4!\
\
This time the tech is 
\f1\b Core Image
\f0\b0 , and the Theme is 
\f1\b Space
\f0\b0 .\
\
Space can be office, desk, disk, trading, hyper, outer, inner, or whatever kind of space you can think of.\
\
My sample program, Unicorn Space, uses a unicorn picture for " " in a string, moving a bump distortion over the image randomly.  Really silly and pointless, but shows a pretty minimal CI application.  There are a number of samples included with Xcode (they live in the Quartz directory of /Developer/Examples).  Be sure to check out the Fun House sample - it's very useful for figuring out what the parameters to specific CIFilers actually do.\
\
There's a number of web links on the disk image pointing to official Apple Documentation and blurbage.  Beyond that, you're on your own.\
\
Using Quartz Composer is OK, but you must have at least one Objective-C file with at least one CI-prefixed call.  This is a coder's competition, after all.  The prohibition against running in someone else's address space is lifted, so if you wanted to write some kind of QC plugin, go ahead.\
\
I have access to intel laptops, and a number of PPC laptops and desktops.  If you have any platform requirements, lemme know in the README.\
\
Remember that the deadline is Sunday evening, 5p.m. central time.  See http://ironcoder.org for specific instructions for uploading your entry.\
\
Thank you for participating, and I look forward to seeing what you'll pick for Iron Coder 5.\
\
Cheers,\
++md\
}